make vpc endpoint creation configurable (#214)
giantswarm/cluster-aws: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Add value to set VPC Endpoint Mode to decide if endpoint should be created by vpc operator 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Expose helm value for customers to decide whether or not VPC endpoint should be created by Giantswarm. 
```
